Better Transformer doc fix (#670)
huggingface/optimum: docs/source/bettertransformer/overview.mdx

# Overview

> 🤗 Optimum provides an integration with `Better Transformer`, a fast path of standard PyTorch Transformer APIs to benefit from interesting speedups on CPU & GPU through sparsity and fused kernels. For now, it supports Transformer encoders, basically fast path of [`nn.TransformerEncoderLayer'](https://pytorch.org/blog/a-better-transformer-for-fast-transformer-encoder-inference/),

Reviewer: ```suggestion
🤗 Optimum provides an integration with `Better Transformer`, a fast path of standard PyTorch Transformer APIs to benefit from interesting speedups on CPU & GPU through sparsity and fused kernels. For now, it supports Transformer encoders, basically fast path of [`nn.TransformerEncoderLayer`](https://pytorch.org/blog/a-better-transformer-for-fast-transformer-encoder-inference/),
```

support for decoders and training path is coming soon.

## Quickstart

> Since its 1.13 version, PyTorch released the stable version of fast path for its standard Transformer APIs that provides out of the box perfromance for the Pytorch Transformers. You can benefit from interesting speedup on most consumer-type devices, including CPUs, older and newer versions of NIVIDIA GPUs.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Since its 1.13 version, [PyTorch released](https://pytorch.org/blog/PyTorch-1.13-release/) the stable version of a fast path for its standard Transformer APIs that provides out of the box performance improvements for transformer-based models. You can benefit from interesting speedup on most consumer-type devices, including CPUs, older and newer versions of NIVIDIA GPUs.
```
